=pod

=head1 NAME

Acme::CPANAuthors::India - We are the Indian CPAN Authors. Coming from that big peninsula in the center of Asia, the original Indians. The ones columbus was looking for. :)

=head1 VERSION

version 0.07

=head1 SYNOPSIS

     use Acme::CPANAuthors;
 
     my $authors  = Acme::CPANAuthors->new("India");
 
     my $number   = $authors->count;
     my @ids      = $authors->id;
     my @distros  = $authors->distributions("SHANTANU");
     my $url      = $authors->avatar_url("SHANTANU");
     my $kwalitee = $authors->kwalitee("SHANTANU");
     my $name     = $authors->name("SHANTANU");
     ...

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This Module provides a List of all Indian CPAN Authors Listed. 

=head1 NOTES

  * If you are a Indian CPAN author not listed here, please send your ID/name via email or a pull request on github so I can keep this module up to date. 
  * If you are not a Indian CPAN author but still on the list here, please send me your ID/name via email or submit a pull request on github and I will remove your name.

=head1 SEE ALSO

  * [Acme::CPANAuthors::Register]

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through github at 
L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/acme-cpanauthors-india/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/acme-cpanauthors-india>

  git clone git://github.com/shantanubhadoria/acme-cpanauthors-india.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu at cpan dott org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=over 4

=item *

Shantanu <shantanu@cpan.org>

=item *

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu.bhadoria@gmail.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Shantanu Bhadoria.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

